It's this time
What's the use of lying to you?
The King of Jin is also complicit with you
The King of Jin was originally of royal blood
Will he just watch the change of dynasty?
I didn't expect the old man to plan for many years
It's a loss
Lost at the hands of you bastard
You didn't lose in my hands
You lose at your own hands
Why did I lose to myself?
I have given you so many opportunities
As long as you take a step back
I will ensure your prosperity for the rest of your life
But you don't
People are insignificant
You are seeking death
It's you who forced me step by step
Hey, okay.
It's useless to say that now
Li Se, take it soft now
I'll let you choose to die
You die
I die
To make you scold
If the queen hurts half a hair
I will punish you nine clans
What about the ten clans?
After I Died
Who cares about the flood
You are ready to die
You can't make it easy for you
Under the imperial decree, Li Si rebelled against the three tribes
Zhang Han, the official official, reported meritorious service
Chancellor of the capital
King of Jin accuses
Restore the king
Turn it over immediately